docs: complete update to why discord (#49)
seedcase-project/decisions: why-discord.qmd

---
title: "Why Discord"
description: "Our reasons for using Discord as our communication platform."
date: "2023-06-25"
categories:
  - communication
---

::: content-hidden
Use other decision posts as inspiration to writing these.
:::

## Context and Problem Statement

::: content-hidden
State the context and some background on the issue, then write a
statement in the form of a question for the problem.
:::

Communication within a team is often done with email or, in more modern

> and tech environments, with IMs like Slack. While email is a great tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and tech environments, with instant messengers like Slack. While email is a great tool
```
